feat(feedback): product docs (#8539)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/user-feedback/index.mdx

---
title: User Feedback
sidebar_order: 65
description: "Learn how you can view user feedback submissions which, paired with the original event, give you additional insight into issues."
---

Sentry automatically detects errors thrown by your application, such as performance issues and user experience problems like rage clicks. But there are other frustrations your users may encounter (broken permission flows, broken links, typos, misleading UX, business logic flaws, and so on).

That’s where Sentry’s User Feedback Widget and Crash-Report Modal features come in. Setting up one or both, lets you collect feedback from your end-users when they run into bugs in your application. Sentry then links that feedback to available rich debugging context, including errors, replays, and tags such as URL, allowing you to get to the root of the problem faster.

For example, using [Session Replay](/product/session-replay/) with the User Feedback Widget could save you time, helping you quickly understand the context of the user problem by seeing exactly what they experienced before submitting their feedback.

## User Feedback Widget

> The User Feedback Widget is an out-of-the-box, persistent widget you can add anywhere on your web application. It allows users to submit feedback quickly and easily any time they encounter something that isn’t working as expected. Learn more about how to install and customize it [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/develop/packages/feedback#setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The User Feedback Widget is an out-of-the-box, persistent widget you can add anywhere on your web application. It allows users to submit feedback quickly and easily any time they encounter something that isn’t working as expected. Learn more about how to install and customize it [here](https://docs.sentry.io/product/user-feedback/setup/).
```

Author: Don't we want to use `https://docs.sentry.io/platform-redirect/?next=/user-feedback/` instead?

Reviewer: Oh yes this would be good, I didn't know this was a thing

---
title: User Feedback
sidebar_order: 65
description: "Learn how you can view user feedback submissions which, paired with the original event, give you additional insight into issues."
---

Sentry automatically detects errors thrown by your application, such as performance issues and user experience problems like rage clicks. But there are other frustrations your users may encounter (broken permission flows, broken links, typos, misleading UX, business logic flaws, and so on).

> That’s where Sentry’s User Feedback Widget and Crash-Report User Feedback features come in. Setting up one or both, lets you collect feedback from your end-users when they run into bugs in your application. Sentry then links that feedback to available rich debugging context, including errors, replays, and tags such as URL, allowing you to get to the root of the problem faster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That’s where Sentry’s User Feedback Form and Crash-Report Modal features come in. Setting up one or both, lets you collect feedback from your end-users when they run into bugs in your application. Sentry then links that feedback to available rich debugging context, including errors, replays, and tags such as URL, allowing you to get to the root of the problem faster.
```

Reviewer 3: @ryan953 Did we agree on using Feedback Form? [[Link to Slack thread](https://sentry.slack.com/archives/C05J714QPRR/p1700565079612939?thread_ts=1700500804.973179&cid=C05J714QPRR)] [[Google Doc Thread](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19zQoGVOlSLrgjf7j2SSXz-znvoLgU1dAA7VR-qGLcwM/edit?disco=AAAA_rCNenI)]

Author: Will push the Modal changes

> For example, using Session Replay with the User Feedback Widget could save you time, helping you quickly understand the context of the user problem by seeing exactly what they experienced before submitting their feedback.

Reviewer 3: Link to Session Replay here? https://docs.sentry.io/product/session-replay/

> For example, using Session Replay with the User Feedback Widget could save you time, helping you quickly understand the context of the user problem by seeing exactly what they experienced before submitting their feedback.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, using [Session Replay](/product/session-replay/) with the User Feedback Widget could save you time, helping you quickly understand the context of the user problem by seeing exactly what they experienced before submitting their feedback.
```

> For example, using Session Replay with the User Feedback Widget could save you time, helping you quickly understand the context of the user problem by seeing exactly what they experienced before submitting their feedback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, using Session Replay with the User Feedback Form could save you time, helping you quickly understand the context of the user problem by seeing exactly what they experienced before submitting their feedback.
```

> ## User Feedback Widget

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## User Feedback Form
```

> The User Feedback Widget is an out-of-the-box, persistent widget you can add anywhere on your web application. It allows users to submit feedback quickly and easily any time they encounter something that isn’t working as expected. Learn more about how to install and customize it [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/develop/packages/feedback#setup).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The User Feedback Form includes an out-of-the-box, persistent button you can add anywhere on your web application. It allows users to submit feedback quickly and easily any time they encounter something that isn’t working as expected. Learn more about how to install and customize it [here](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/tree/develop/packages/feedback#setup).
```

Reviewer 4: remember to change this link to the SDK docs once those are published

> ![User Feedback widget.](user-feedback-widget.png)

Reviewer 3: This image looks good but I think we can re-size it to be way smaller.
Also, is there any way to avoid the purple border? It doesn't need it @lizokm @vivianyentran

> ![User Feedback widget.](user-feedback-widget.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![User Feedback form.](user-feedback-widget.png)
```

> Feedback collected via the Feedback Widget may have some or all of the following information, (depending on what you mark as required and what’s available from the error context):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Feedback collected via the Feedback Form may have some or all of the following information, (depending on what you mark as required and what’s available from the error context):
```

> Feedback collected via the Feedback Widget may have some or all of the following information, (depending on what you mark as required and what’s available from the error context):

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Feedback collected via the Feedback Widget may have some or all of the following information (depending on what you mark as required and what’s available from the error context):
```

- Description from the user
- User email

> - Associated replay event (you’ll have up to 60 seconds of replay recording before the user submitted the feedback.)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Associated replay event (with up to 60 seconds of replay recording before the user submitted the feedback)
```

> - Learn more about how to set up Session Replay here.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Learn more about how to set up Session Replay [here](/product/session-replay/getting-started/).
```

- URL of the page the user was on when they submitted the feedback
- Tags

> ## Crash-Report User Feedback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Crash-Report User Feedback Modal
```

Another way to collect feedback is by installing the Crash-Report User Feedback modal. This allows users to submit feedback after they experience an error via an automatic modal that pops up after an error occurs. Learn more about how to install and customize it [here](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/enriching-events/user-feedback/#embeddable-javascript-widget).

![Crash-Report User Feedback.](crash-report-user-feedback.png)

Feedback collected via the Crash-Report modal will have the following information:

- Description from the user
- Sentry Issue preview and link to the Issue Details page
- URL of the page the user was on when they submitted the feedback
- Tags

> Where to View User Feedback

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Where to View User Feedback
```

> Whether you choose to collect user feedback via a Feedback Widget, a Crash-Report Modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side shows the **User Feedback Details** view, which includes the user’s description and any available debugging context.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Whether you choose to collect user feedback via the Feedback Widget, the Crash-Report Modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side shows the **User Feedback Details** view, which includes the user’s description and any available debugging context.
```

> Whether you choose to collect user feedback via a Feedback Widget, a Crash-Report modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback List** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side of the **User Feedback List** page, our **User Feedback Details** view, shows the user’s description with any available debugging context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whether you choose to collect user feedback via a Feedback Form, a Crash-Report Modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback List** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side of the **User Feedback List** page, our **User Feedback Details** view, shows the user’s description with any available debugging context.
```

> Whether you choose to collect user feedback via a Feedback Widget, a Crash-Report modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback List** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side of the **User Feedback List** page, our **User Feedback Details** view, shows the user’s description with any available debugging context.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Whether you choose to collect user feedback via a Feedback Widget, a Crash-Report modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side shows the **User Feedback Details** view, which includes the user’s description and any available debugging context.
```
I'd call the page "user feedback" instead of "user feedback list" because that's what the text says and for consistency with the rest of the product pages (e.g. "issues page" not "issues list page")

> Whether you choose to collect user feedback via a Feedback Widget, a Crash-Report modal, or both, you’ll be able to view it from the **User Feedback** page. The page is chronologically-organized with the most recent, unresolved feedback at the top. You can click on individual feedback to see more details all in one view, similar to your e-mail inbox. The right-hand side shows the **User Feedback Details** view, which includes the user’s description and any available debugging context.

Reviewer 4: Are there any differentiators between feedback from the form/widget and crash report in the UI? Or any way to filter for one or the other? If so, seems worthwhile to include that info.

Author: Great point! There are differences indeed, lets expand

Author: We could add to the bottom (after the last sentence in this heading:

> Feedback collected via the Crash-Report Modal displays a _crash-report_ label. And a link to the issue that resulted in the modal popping up.

Or something?

Reviewer 3: @bruno-garcia ^ I like this!

Reviewer 4: Yes, I like that too! 

> Feedback collected via the Crash-Report Modal displays a _crash-report_ label and a link to the issue that resulted in the modal popping up.

Would just make it one sentence instead of two.

But I'm not sure if I'm seeing the label correctly, as least in the demo app. It looks like this feedback has a linked issue but I don't see the label. Can you verify what it's supposed to look like?
https://demo.sentry.io/feedback/?feedbackSlug=android%3A4657517631&referrer=feedback_list_page&statsPeriod=7d

<Note>

> Feedback from the Crash-report Modal can also be found on the User Feedback tab of the associated Issue Details page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: We say it in the above paragraph so I think we can drop the note :)

</Note>

> You can narrow down the results on your **User Feedback List** page by using the project, environment, and date range filters.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can narrow down the results in the feedback list by using the project, environment, and date range filters.
```

> ![User Feedback List.](user-feedback-list.png)

Reviewer 3: I like this screenshot IMO

Reviewer 3: But perhaps it should be smaller?

## Triaging User Feedback Submissions

You can either manually resolve user feedback submissions on the **User Feedback Details** view by clicking the “Resolve” button in the top-right corner, or bulk resolve by multi-selecting the feedback:

![User Feedback List Triaging.](user-feedback-triaging.png)

You can also assign a team member to a specific user feedback submission on the **User Feedback Details** view.

## Getting User Feedback Alerts

> If you want to get an alert every time new user feedback comes in via the User Feedback Widget, make sure you have Sentry's default issue alert ("Alert me on every new issue") turned on for the project for which you’re setting up User Feedback on, no action is required to have alerting on each user feedback report from the widget.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to get an alert every time new user feedback comes in via the User Feedback Form, make sure you have Sentry's default issue alert ("Alert me on every new issue") turned on for the project for which you’re setting up User Feedback on, no action is required to have alerting on each user feedback report from the form.
```

> If you want to get an alert every time new user feedback comes in via the User Feedback Widget, make sure you have Sentry's default issue alert ("Alert me on every new issue") turned on for the project for which you’re setting up User Feedback on, no action is required to have alerting on each user feedback report from the widget.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you have Sentry's default issue alert ("Alert me on every new issue") turned on for the project(s) with user feedback set up, then you should automatically get alerted every time new user feedback comes in via the User Feedback Widget.
```

> If you don't have Sentry's default issue alert turned on, follow these steps to set up alerts for every new User Feedback issue:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you don't have Sentry's default issue alert turned on, follow these steps to set up alerts for every new feedback:
```

> If you don't have Sentry's default issue alert turned on, follow these steps:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you don't have Sentry's default issue alert turned on, follow these steps to set up alerts for every new User Feedback issue:
```
